Improved overall structure of deployed documentation; added a dedicated :doc:`FAQ section </faq/index>` (#2732)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/faq/installation.md

# FAQ: Installation

> ## Why are there different versions of Manim?

Reviewer: I would still link this somewhere more up front because i think it is also relevant for people trying to understand why something doesn't work. I mean yeah that's exactly why it's in the FAQ. But it's a pretty relevant Information in general i think 🤔

Author: Good point, I've added a note block to the landing page as well!

Reviewer: I now just noticed there is a warning block in the installation section. 😮‍💨

Author: I think it is fine to have it on the landing page as well. Can't point it out too often. :-)

> # FAQ: Installation

Reviewer 2: Maybe for a different PR, but I would like to see a point about configuring IDE's like vscode for working with manim. I've written a blog post recently: https://naveen521kk.github.io/manim/manim-configuration-for-vscode/ either linking to directly or copying contents from it should work. A similar point should be written for Pycharm also.

Author: Good idea! Also fits well in the installation FAQ!

The old version, before merging the `shaders` branch is sometimes referred to as
`ManimCairo` and is, at this point, only useful for one singular purpose: rendering
Grant's old videos locally on your machine. It is still available in his GitHub
repository in form of the `cairo-backend` branch.

To summarize:
- [**Manim**, or **ManimCE**](https://manim.community) refers to the community
  maintained version of the library. This is the version documented on this website;
  the package name on PyPI is [`manim`](https://pypi.org/project/manim/).
- [ManimGL](https://github.com/3b1b/manim) is the latest released version of the
  version of the library developed by Grant "3b1b" Sanderson. It has more experimental
  features and breaking changes between versions are not documented. Check out
  its documentation [here](https://3b1b.github.io/manim/index.html); on PyPI the
  package name is [`manimgl`](https://pypi.org/project/manimgl/).
- [ManimCairo](https://github.com/3b1b/manim/tree/cairo-backend) is the name that
  is sometimes used for the old, pre-OpenGL version of `manimgl`. It is not available

>   via PyPI.

Reviewer 2: If I'm right, on PyPI it's called `manimlib`.

Author: It is manimgl: https://pypi.org/project/manimgl/

Reviewer 2: `manimgl` is the new Opengl version right? and the old Cairo version is still available as `manimlib`: https://pypi.org/project/manimlib/, afaik previously the version from 3b1b repo was published to `manimlib` package.

Author: Ah, I misread the line you were commenting -- now I understand! Last release in February 2022 sounds right too.

```suggestion
- [ManimCairo](https://github.com/3b1b/manim/tree/cairo-backend) is the name that
  is sometimes used for the old, pre-OpenGL version of `manimgl`. It is available
  on [PyPI as `manimlib`](https://pypi.org/project/manimlib/),
  but to compile old projects you likely have to
  install the correct version from source regardless.
```

can do about it.

To fix errors when installing `manimpango`, you need to make sure you
have all the necessary build requirements. Check out the detailed
instructions given in [the BUILDING section](https://github.com/ManimCommunity/ManimPango#BUILDING)
of [ManimPango's README](https://github.com/ManimCommunity/ManimPango).

---

## I am using Windows and get the error `X is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or batch file`

Regardless of whether `X` says `python` or `manim`, this means that the executable you
are trying to run is not located in one of the directories your system is looking
for them (specified by the `PATH` variable). Take a look at the instructions
{doc}`in the installation guide for Windows </installation/windows>`, or
[this StackExchange answer](https://superuser.com/questions/143119/how-do-i-add-python-to-the-windows-path/143121#143121)
to get help with editing the `PATH` variable manually.

If `python` is recognized but not `manim` or `pip`, you can try running
commands by prepending `python -m`. That is, `manim` becomes `python -m manim`,
and `pip` becomes `python -m pip`.

---

> ## I have tried using Chocolatey (`choco install manimce`) to install Manim, but it failed!

Reviewer 2: This seems to be outdated. Running that choco command should install a version of python automatically, as `python` is specified as a dependency for `manimce`.

Also, for a long time now, the registry is searched for python installations instead of just using the executables found in the PATH, according to https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0514/#structure. It only errors when the script can't find any python version in the registry, where it'll try and use the user-installed version with a warning. 

I think this FAQ section should be removed or changed to asking on discord by pinging me and uploading the logs stored at `C:\ProgramData\chocolatey\logs\chocolatey.log` (removing personally identifiable details, of course).

Author: Is the first part about making sure that the installation has been attempted with admin permissions still correct? If so, I'd suggest we keep that (because it is an easy suggestion) and remove the rest of the entry / replace it with a reference to the getting help FAQ. I don't want to put a suggestion recommending to ping any single user in the docs.

Reviewer 2: > Is the first part about making sure that the installation has been attempted with admin permissions still correct?

Yeah, that's correct. I'm sure chocolatey by itself would give a warning if it's not run with admin permissions, but yeah that part is right and can be there.

>  I don't want to put a suggestion recommending to ping any single user in the docs.

👍
